[Autogenerated] So let us now launch the latest version of the cliffs,
which is oxygen too.
And let us use the same workspace as the one we used with the neon
version we just tried to launch a few seconds ago.
So let's click Launch.
You see that this work space has been created with an
older version of Eclipse and in fact,
inside that workspace in configuration Fiza,
the version of Eclipse used to create it,
has been recorded.
So since we're using a more recent version of eclipse than
the one used to create this workspace eclipses going toe
upgrade this workspace for us.
But there is a warning because going back to the old version Una
might lead to loss of information so you can move a workspace from an
old version of eclipse to in your Wallner.
You can also move back to an older version of the cliffs,
but you might lose information in this process.
So here we are going to do that.
Let us just click, OK and proceed with the launching.
So we are welcome with almost the same view as the old version of Eclipse.
Let us closed is you.
And now what we have is the default Java e perspective in this version of Eclipse